Add Profile explain hint (#5015)
deltachat/deltachat-desktop: CHANGELOG.md

- add withdraw qr code context menu option #4798
- adapt dialogs for small screens
- mute chat for 8 hours

> - show hint how the profile is transferred #5014

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add a hint to "Edit profile" about how the profile name, image and bio is transferred #5014
```
